Plug data sweep in to dvc. (#141)
HarryFosterCU/Exact-Analysis-of-Heterogeneous-Moran-Processes-in-Climate-Cooperation: tex/main.tex

    \(M\) increases, so too does the size of each player's contribution
    \(\alpha_i\). The value \(A\) is the \emph{aspiration} considered in
    aspiration dynamics, in Section~\ref{sec:intrinsic_population_dynamics}. We
    consider a homogeneous return \(r\). The aspiration \(A\) depends on \(M\),

>     and the selection intensity \(\varepsilon\) on both \(M\) and \(r\), rather

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    and the selection intensity \(\varepsilon\) on both \(M\) and \(r\) in addition to \(N\)
```
